Mr. Second
What's going on?
Aren't you stealing something to mess with you?
Blind, you stupid bitch
I don't need to keep 50 of your hair rooms.
Dear 50 Long
Please join me
Let's talk inside
Let him in.
Oh, my God
You finally showed up
How can you curse?
Lili, are you alright?
Cousin, your husband is going too far
If you have money, you have money. What's so great about it?
Can you invite a foreigner to act?
Lili, what do you mean by that?
Don't think I don't know
In real combat, they wouldn't be so rude
You think you can just find a foreigner to act
Can you pretend to be Mr. Second Brother?
Say you are here to see my jokes
No Lili
I really don't know about this.
But I promise you.
Sir, he will never find someone to act
You still quibble
Is it Mr. Second Brother that I can't recognize?
Lili, wait a minute.
Second young master
Xiaoping
Xiaoping, how are you doing?
Did you have a good life and you forgot about me?
I have arranged for someone to rescue you.
Wait a minute.
I'll be out soon.
I'll tell you what.
Your target soldier is engraved on my hand
If I die
I will definitely hire you first